= Damon Morgan Dot Files (Heavily using Ryan Bates Dot Files)

These are config files to set up a system the way I like it.

== Prerequisites

  https://github.com/mxcl/homebrew/wiki/installation
  brew install git
  brew install bash-completion
  brew install macvim
  brew install ack

== Installation

  git clone git@github.com:damonmorgan/dotfiles.git ~/.dotfiles
  cd ~/.dotfiles
  git submodule update --init
  rake install

== Environment

If you would like to switch to zsh, you can do so with
the following command.

  chsh -s /bin/zsh

== Vim

Vim is using Vundle to manage plugins

In Vim
  :BundleInstall

In Terminal
  cd ~/.dotfiles/vim/bundle/command-t
  rake make

== Font

Preferred programming font is Inconsolata
  http://www.levien.com/type/myfonts/inconsolata.html

== Snippets

Using the Snipmate plugin for Vim
  git clone https://github.com/scrooloose/snipmate-snippets.git

  rake deploy_local
Allows you to do
  def<tab>

== Features

I normally place all of my coding projects in ~/development, so this directory
can easily be accessed (and tab completed) with the "c" command.

  c railsca<tab>

There is also an "h" command which behaves similar, but acts on the
home path.

  h doc<tab>

Tab completion is also added to rake and cap commands:

  rake db:mi<tab>
  cap de<tab>

To speed things up, the results are cached in local .rake_tasks~ and
.cap_tasks~. It is smart enough to expire the cache automatically in
most cases, but you can simply remove the files to flush the cache.

There are a few key bindings set. Many of these require option to be
set as the meta key. Option-left/right arrow will move cursor by word,
and control-left/right will move to beginning and end of line.
Control-option-N will open a new tab with the current directory under
Mac OS X Terminal.

If you're using git, you'll notice the current branch name shows up in
the prompt while in a git repository.

If you're using Rails, you'll find some handy aliases (below). You can
also use show_log and hide_log in script/console to show the log inline.

  rs       # rails server
  rc       # rails console
  a        # autotest
  tlog     # tail -f log/development.log
  migrate  # rake db:migrate

See the other aliases in ~/.zsh/aliases

If there are some shell configuration settings which you want secure or
specific to one system, place it into a ~/.localrc file. This will be
loaded automatically if it exists.

There are several features enabled in Ruby's irb including history and
completion. Many convenience methods are added as well such as "ri"
which can be used to get inline documentation in IRB. See irbrc and
railsrc files for details.
